Toractin (Cyproheptadine) Syrup 100ml
Toractin syrup contains cyproheptadine a first generation antihistamine that can provide relief from allergy symptoms such as watery eyes, runny nose, itching eyes/nose, sneezing, hives and itching. It is also a very potent appetite stimulant and is indicated for lack of appetite, weight loss and anorexia nervosa (an eating disorder with low body weight). It can also be used by those who are underweight/malnourished to increase appetite to help with weight gain.
PentaSure DM Diabetes Care Vanilla Powder 400gm
Pentasure DM Powder is a specially balanced oral supplement for diabetic patients which provides improved glycemic control and lower diabetic complications. It is free from Lactose, Gluten, Sucrose, and Cholesterol and has a high fiber content.
 
People with diabetes need to make healthy nutrition choices, stay at a healthy weight, move more every day, and take their medicine even when they feel good. Individuals with diabetes have to monitor their carbohydrate intake in order to keep the blood glucose levels in check.
Diabetic powder Pentasure DM is specifically designed to help manage blood sugar levels in people with diabetes. It is sucrose free and fructose based enriched with special nutrients which help maintain healthy blood sugar levels. Pentasure DM is a scientifically proven formula for healthy diabetes management for patients with diabetes and contains high fiber content. Enriched with DHA and Alpha Lipoic Acid Pentasure DM ensures diabetes management that can risk high levels of blood sugar can harm your heart, blood vessels, kidneys, feet, and eyes.
Key Benefits:
1.	DHA is crucial for healthy structure and function of brain
2.	Alpha Lipoic Acid has the ability to kill free radicals which may help people with diabetic peripheral neuropathy
3.	Reduces symptoms like pain, tingling and prickling in feet and legs
4.	Taurine improves insulin resistance
5.	Carnitine improves glucose disposal in diabetic patients
6.	Inositol helps in prevention of diabetic neuropathy
Directions For Use
•	1 serving (4 scoops or 50g) of Pentasure DM is to be mixed thoroughly with 200ml of water.
•	This complete serving can be consumed as meal between meal or snack replacement. This diabetic powder can also be substituted for milk in milkshakes and smoothies.
•	Pentasure DM can be tried in different milk based preparations like oatmeal or custards (after the heating procedure s done) where you will get the goodness of milk without any need of adding extra sugar.
Fibo Sachets 10’S
Fibo, is a source of soluble fiber. It also contains benefits of green tea extract. Fibo helps to prevent constipation, regulate bowel and digestion, reduce cholesterol, and maintain healthy weight. It can be used to treat constipation. It increases the bulk in your stool, an effect that helps to cause movement of the intestines. It also works by increasing the amount of water in the stool, making the stool softer and easier to pass. Fibo is very convenient for daily use as it dissolves completely in water. It can also be used in many hot and cold beverages.
Fatnile Capsules 60’S
Fatnile is a unique blend of nutritional ingredients designed to help you lose weight safely and naturally. Fatnile’s special combination of ingredients will help to increase the rate of metabolism of your body to increase the rate at which your body burns fat and boost your energy levels, decrease your food intake by suppressing appetite and achieve your goals naturally without synthetic drugs or stimulants.
 
Fatnile is a 100 % natural slimming formula – designed to give you maximum fat metabolism, fat elimination & fat termination.
Chitosan has been shown to bind from 4 to 12 times its weight of dietary fat, reducing or preventing their absorption. Chitosan is a non-digestive natural dietary fiber derived from shellfish shells. In common with many other dietary fibers, it binds the weight of dietary fat, reducing or preventing their absorption.
Chromium picolinate is known for its high fiber contents and an herbal extract rich in (-) hydroxycitric acid known to be a key nutrient for overall weight loss management by facilitating Glucose utilization. Functions without disrupting normal body processes. Provides an excellent source of dietary fiber. Garcinia cambogia has been shown to increase the body’s metabolism to increase fat burning and suppress appetite.
Dosage:
Take 1 to 2 fatnile capsules daily. Allow several days for benefits.
The use of natural products provides progressive but long-lasting results.
Don’t exceed the recommended dosage.
Important:
Store in a dry place at room temperature.
Keep out of reach of children.
If you are pregnant nursing or taking any medications, consult your doctor before using fatnile.
Fatnile Composition/Ingredients:
Each fatnile capsule contains:
Nutritional Information	Average per capsule
Chitosan	225mg
Garcinia Cambogia	175mg
Chromium Picolinate	200mcg
Vitamin E	25mg
Selenium	50mcg
Zinc	7.5mg
Excipients	 q.s
Seven Seas Jointcare Max Tablets/Capsules 30’S
Seven Seas JointCare Max contains ingredients to support bones, muscles, cartilage and collagen formation. Plus Omega 3.
 
Seven Seas has been supporting family health since 1935 and our Seven Seas JointCare experts understand how important it is for you to have the support you need so you can continue doing the things you love. Seven Seas JointCare Max has been formulated to give you our highest strength glucosamine. Cartilage & Collagen: Vitamin C contributes to normal collagen formation for the normal function of bones & cartilage. Muscle function: Vitamin D contributes to the maintenance of normal muscle function. Bones: Vitamin D contributes to the maintenance of strong bones. EPA and DHA support normal heart function. DHA contributes to the maintenance of normal brain function and normal vision.
Ingredients: Capsule: Fish Oil Concentrate (Triomega®), Capsule Shell (Gelatin, Glycerol, Sorbitol Syrup, Colours: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxide), Hydrolysed Collagen Fish, Emulsifiers: Mono- and Diglycerides of Fatty Acids, Soya Lecithin; Vitamin C, Alpha-Tocopheryl Acetate, Vitamin D Prep. (Fractionated Vegetable Oil, Vitamin D, DL-Alpha-Tocopherol). Tablet: Glucosamine Sulphate 2KCI (Crab (Crustacean)), Microcrystalline Cellulose, Maltodextrin, Tablet Coat (Colour: Titanium Dioxide, Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose, Polydextrose, Medium Chain Triglycerides, Hydroxypropyl Cellulose, Stearic Acid, Silicon Dioxide, Magnesium Stearate.)
28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep. 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep :::Dosage 2 pills per day 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep. 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep 28days herbal slimming capsule helps you loss weight faster than the tea and other weight loss products and program it helps you loss weight without exercise and it works while you sleep :::Dosage 2 pills per day   
Are you struggling to shed those extra pounds that have been weighing you down? Are you tired of trying different diets and workout plans with no results? Look no further than Weight Control Slim Plus Capsules!
Our capsules are made with natural ingredients like Garcinia Cambogia Extract, Green Tea Extract, Lotus Leaf, Cassia Seed, Bitter Melon, Peach Kernel, Chrysanthemum, and Winter Melon Peel. These ingredients work together to suppress your appetite, boost your metabolism, and promote weight loss.
Garcinia Cambogia Extract is known for its ability to inhibit the production of fat in the body and reduce appetite. Green Tea Extract has been shown to increase metabolism and burn fat. Lotus Leaf is a natural diuretic that can help reduce water weight. Cassia Seed can help detoxify the body and improve digestion. Bitter Melon can help regulate blood sugar levels and reduce cravings. Peach Kernel can help promote healthy skin and hair. Chrysanthemum has anti-inflammatory properties and can help reduce stress. Winter Melon Peel can help reduce cholesterol levels and improve digestion.
With 60 capsules in each pack, the herbal supplement is a convenient and effective way to jumpstart your weight loss journey. The natural ingredients used in formulating the capsules are safe and gentle on the body and are easy to incorporate into your daily routine.
Don't let excess weight hold you back any longer. Try Weight Control Slim Plus Capsules and start feeling confident and healthy today!
HOW TO USE
For best results, take two (2) capsules in the morning and two (2) capsules at night. Do not exceed the recommended dosage.
To maximize the benefits of the natural ingredients in the capsules, it is also important to maintain a healthy diet and exercise routine. Eating a balanced diet with plenty of fruits and vegetables, lean proteins, and whole grains, and staying hydrated by drinking plenty of water can help support weight loss efforts. Regular exercises, such as cardio and strength training, can also help boost metabolism and burn calories.
It is important to note that while our Weight Control Slim Plus Capsules can help support weight loss efforts, they should not be relied upon as the sole method for weight loss. A healthy and sustainable weight loss journey involves a combination of healthy eating habits, regular exercise, and consistent use of supplements. As always, it is recommended to consult with a healthcare professional before starting any new supplement regimen.
SIDE EFFECTS
Weight Control Slim Plus Capsules are made with natural ingredients and are generally considered safe when taken as directed. However, as with any dietary supplement, there may be some potential side effects that some people may experience.
The natural ingredients in the capsules may cause some mild gastrointestinal discomfort, such as bloating, gas, or constipation. Additionally, some people may experience headaches, dizziness, or jitteriness, particularly if they are sensitive to caffeine or other stimulants.
It is also important to note that some of the ingredients in the capsules, such as bitter melon, may interact with certain medications or medical conditions. It is always recommended to consult with a healthcare professional before starting any new supplement regimen, particularly if you have any underlying medical conditions or are taking prescription medications.
It is also important to adhere to the recommended dosage and not exceed the daily amount recommended on the packaging. Taking more than the recommended amount may increase the risk of side effects.
Overall, Weight Control Slim Plus Capsules are generally considered safe when taken as directed and in combination with a healthy diet and exercise routine. However, as with any supplement, it is always recommended to consult with a healthcare professional before starting any new regimen.
NOTES
1. Taking capsules that have weight loss or fat-burning effects can help you shed that extra weight fast if you combine it with a healthy diet and daily exercise. Taking only capsules may not speed up your weight loss program. If you want to shed your extra kilos or lose weight fast, a healthy diet and regular exercise are very important too.
2. It's NOT recommended for pregnant women, nursing mothers, and children under the age of 18.
3. Individuals with known medical conditions should consult a physician before taking this dietary supplementt.
4. These statements have NOT been evaluated by the food and drugg administration.
5. This product is NOT intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any diseases. 
Garlic plays a role in the health of the heart and cardiovascular system as well as helping to support the function of the immune system. Each pack contains 30capsules.
 
Odourless Garlic Oil can be helpful in treating the following conditions: Maintains a healthy heart, Blood circulation, High blood pressure, Maintains healthy liver function, Helps fighting stress and fatigue, Keep colds at bay. Priced as a pack of 30capsules.
Ingredients:  Odourless Garlic Oil 3mg
 
Garlic plays a role in the health of the heart and cardiovascular system as well as helping to support the function of the immune system. Each pack contains 30capsules.
 
Odourless Garlic Oil can be helpful in treating the following conditions: Maintains a healthy heart, Blood circulation, High blood pressure, Maintains healthy liver function, Helps fighting stress and fatigue, Keep colds at bay. Priced as a pack of 30capsules.
Ingredients:  Odourless Garlic Oil 3mg
 
 
Garlic plays a role in the health of the heart and cardiovascular system as well as helping to support the function of the immune system. Each pack contains 30capsules.
 
Odourless Garlic Oil can be helpful in treating the following conditions: Maintains a healthy heart, Blood circulation, High blood pressure, Maintains healthy liver function, Helps fighting stress and fatigue, Keep colds at bay. Priced as a pack of 30capsules.
Ingredients:  Odourless Garlic Oil 3mg
Ultra Vitamin D3 1000IU 96’S
Ultra Vitamin D provides D3, which is the preferred form of vitamin D. Supports normal immune system function. For strong bones.
 
Ultra Vitamin D provides optimum strength vitamin D, a nutrient that plays a truly remarkable role in the body and is important for many areas of health. It not only contributes to the maintenance of normal bones and teeth but is also known for its role in supporting normal function of the immune system, normal cell division and normal muscle function. Vitamin D is synthesized by the body on exposure to sunlight. However, many areas of the world receive insufficient sunlight and even in sunny areas, many choose to limit their exposure due to the negative health effects of excessive exposure to the sun’s UV rays. These factors have led to widespread low vitamin D levels in many parts of the world.
Ingredients: Bulking Agents: Microcrystalline Cellulose & Pregelatinised Starch, Vitamin D3 (Cholecalciferol), Polyvinylpolypyrrolidone, Tablet Coating (Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, Glycerin, Natural Source Colour [Titanium Dioxide]), Anti-Caking Agents: Purified Talc, Magnesium Stearate & Silicon Dioxide, Hydroxypropylcellulose, Polyvinylpyrrolidone.
Valupak Cranberry Tablets 30’S
Valupak Herbals Cranberry Tablets may aid urinary health and prevent urinary tract infections. Each pack contains 30tablets.
 
Cranberry tablets are packed with antioxidants and can help reduce the frequency of urinary tract infections in some people. This product is gluten free and suitable for Vegetarians. Priced as a pack of 30tablets.
Ingredients: Dextrose, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Cranberry 36:1 Extract, Magnesium Stearate, silicon Dioxide, Stearic Acid.
 
Valupak Cranberry Tablets 30’S
Valupak Herbals Cranberry Tablets may aid urinary health and prevent urinary tract infections. Each pack contains 30tablets.
 
Cranberry tablets are packed with antioxidants and can help reduce the frequency of urinary tract infections in some people. This product is gluten free and suitable for Vegetarians. Priced as a pack of 30tablets.
Ingredients: Dextrose, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Cranberry 36:1 Extract, Magnesium Stearate, silicon Dioxide, Stearic Acid.
Seven Seas Original Cod Liverr Oil 450ml
Our Original Cod Liverr Oil liquid is the closest formulation we have today to the original product we first bottled in 1935. This product has been loved by families and passed down through generations.
 
Seven Seas Cod Liverr Oil plus Omega-3 Fish oil contains a rich natural source Omega-3 that includes the nutrients EPA and DHA which contribute to overall health, as well as Vitamins A, D & E. Heart: EPA & DHA support normal heart function. Brain: DHA supports normal brain function. Vision: DHA supports the maintenance of normal vision. Muscles, Bones & Immune System: Vitamin D contributes to the normal function of the Muscles, Bones & Immune System.
Ingredients: Cod Liverr Oil (Fish) (51%), Fish Oil (49%), Vitamin A Prep. (Vitamin A, Sunflower Oil), Vitamin D Prep. (Fractionated Vegetable Oil, Vitamin D), Vitamin E.
Vitrum A To Zinc Multivitamins & Minerals 30’S
Vitrum A to Zinc is a comprehensive formula of vitamins and minerals, specifically designed to maintain complete wellbeing.
 
Vitrum supplements your diet and lifestyle by containing all the essential vitamins and minerals recommended daily. it used to treat or prevent vitamin deficiency due to poor diet, certain illnesses, or during pregnancy. Vitrum is a comprehensive formulation of vitamins and minerals from A to zinc, iron, folic acid and antioxidants. In recommended dietary allowance, Vitrum meets the daily needs, and thus assists in treating vitamins and minerals deficiencies.
Ingredients: Beta-carotene, Ferrous fumerate, Cholecalciferol, Vitamin E, Magnesium oxide, Thiamine HCL, Potassium sulphate, Riboflavin, Nicotinamide, Pyridoxine HCL, Cyanocobalamin, Folic acid, Ascorbic acid, Lysine HCL, Calcium Pantothenate, Potassium iodide, Copper gluconate, Manganese amino acid chelate, Zinc amino acid chelate, Calcium hydrogen phosphate.
Aichun Beauty Private Parts Antibacterial Gel is a rinse-free gel that can be used on the female private parts. It has antibacterial properties, maintains the acid-base balance, and can help eliminate odor and itching. 
The gel has a light, fruity scent that can help you feel and smell fresh all day. It contains ingredients such as rose rugosa flower extract and aloe vera extract. 
WOMEN'S PRIVATE PARTS RINSE-FREE ANTIBACTERIAL GEL
with the powerful antibacterial action, maintains- acid-base balance.
Eliminate odor, Itching and kill bacteria to prevent both vaginal and urinary tract infections(UTI).
Awakens tired skin and gives an experience in sense
of security.
Usage: After cleaning your hands and your private parts, put a suitable amount of this product in the- palm of your hands, rub gently and apply it on your private parts.
It is recommended to repeat the use.
PERFECT FOR EVERYDAY USE.
Ingredients: Water, Glycerin, Rosa Rugosa Flower
Extract, Aloe Vera Extract, Sophora Flavescens Ext ract, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Extract, Borneol, Carbomer, Arginine, Silver,
Warnings:
1.For external use only. In case of any discomfort,-continue use immediately. 2.Keep out of reach of children. Avoid direct accide-
ntal ingestion.
Forever Aloe Vera Gel Drink 1L
Aloe vera helps you maintain natural energy levels and has natural cleansing abilities that help the digestive tract absorb nutrients from the foods we eat into the blood stream, while promoting friendly bacteria growth. The unique polysaccharide, acemannan, and other nutrients in aloe help to support the immune system.
Forever Aloe Vera Gel is aseptically processed allowing the formula to remain free of added preservatives and boast an amazing 99.7% pure inner-leaf aloe vera gel.
Now Collagen Powder 227g
Collagen peptides from types 1 and 3 bovine collagen are well-known for their roles in bone, joint and skin health.
 
As the most abundant protein in mammals, collagen makes up about 30% of the body’s protein. Studies indicate that hydrolyzed collagen may help to support strong bones and healthy joints as well as skin smoothness and hydration. For Joint and Bone Health. Promotes Healthy Skin.
Ingredients: Calories, Protein, Hydrolyzed Collagen (Bovine).
Health Aid Omegazon Caps 60’S
Omegazon contains omega 3 which has anti-inflammatory and anti-coagulant properties as well as many other important health benefits.
 
Omegazon Capsules are specially formulated using Norwegian fish oil to give a highly concentrated source of Omega-3 Polyunsaturates, EPA and DHA in their free from for improved digestibility, assimilation and efficacy.  A two-step molecular distillation process is used to give a purer fish oil virtually free of all known impurities such as dioxins, dioxin like PCB’s, furans, mercury and lead which are commonly found in fish. A valuable supplement to contribute to the maintenance of circulation, improve general well-being (heart, skin, joints) and brain function. HealthAid Omegazon offers the benefit of having an anti-reflux formula which helps eliminate the unpleasant odor and aftertaste associated with fish oil supplements.
Ingredients: Concentrated Fish Oil, Capsule Shell [gelling agent (gelatine), humectant (glycerol, purified water), emulsifier (pectin), firming agent (calcium chloride)], Natural Vitamin E** (d-alpha tocopherol)
Seven Seas Evening Primrose Oil & Starflower Oil Capsules 30’S
Seven Seas Evening Primrose Oil plus Starflower Oil easy to swallow capsules contain the natural source oils from the Evening Primrose and Starflower plants combined with Vitamin E.
 
Each capsule provides: evening primrose oil, starflower oil and vitamin E. Evening Primrose and Starflower oil are sources of the naturally occurring substance GLA. They help to maintain a natural hormonal balance, healthy skin and supple joints.
Ingredients: Evening Primrose Oil (43%), Starflower (Borage) Oil (28%), Capsule Shell (Gelatin, Glycerol), DL Alpha Tocopheryl Acetate
OvaBoost has a unique formulation highlighted by a trio of ingredients – myo-inositol, folic acid (also called folate), and melatonin – that are popular for reproductive health.
In addition, OvaBoost includes Coenzyme Q10 (CoQ10), which is an antioxidant. But, CoQ10 also plays an important role in energy production within egg cells. Once conception occurs, the amount of cell division that occurs to allow the egg to grown into an embryo and successfully implant into the wall of the uterus requires a tremendous amount of energy. CoQ10 works within the mitochondria (the energy powerhouse of the cell) of the egg cell to help ensure that energy production is optimal.
Finally, OvaBoost contains three additional antioxidant ingredients, Vitamin E, grapeseed extract and alpha lipoic acid, to help ensure your egg cells are adequately protected from the damaging effects of free radicals. Priced as a pack of 120capsules.
Dynamogen Oral Solution 10ml Cyproheptadine
Dynamogen oral solution contains cyproheptadine a first generation antihistamine that can provide relief from allergy symptoms such as watery eyes, runny nose, itching eyes/nose, sneezing, hives and itching. It is also a very potent appetite stimulant and is indicated for lack of appetite, weight loss and anorexia nervosa (an eating disorder with low body weight). It can also be used by those who are underweight/malnourished to increase appetite to help with weight gain.
*Note that the price is per 10ml solution, not the pack of 20.
Organic Apple Cider Vinegar With Honey & Turmeric 500ml
Apple cider vinegar is a popular home remedy that has been used for centuries to relieve a wide range of health complaints. Apple cider vinegar has various healthful properties, including antimicrobial and antioxidant effects. It offers various health benefits including aiding weight loss by promoting satiety, reducing cholesterol and blood sugar levels and improving the symptoms of diabetes.
 
Unpasteurized naturally gluten free. USDA Organic. Controlled and certified by Organismo di Controllo. EU organic. Non GMO Project verified. nongmoproject.org. Italian vinegar maker since 1889. Contains the amazing mother of vinegar which is made up of living nutrients that naturally form chains of protein enzyme molecules. Acidity 4%. Raw unfiltered with Mother. www.denigris1889.com. Product of Italy.
Ingredients
Organic Raw Apple Cider Vinegar, Organic Honey, Organic Turmeric.
Directions
Shake well before using.
For a thirst quencher and energy burst add 2 or 3 tps of our apple cider vinegar with honey and turmeric to 8 oz of water. Sprinkle over food like vegetables, for a zesty flavor boost.
Refrigeration is not needed but will inhibit the growth of the mother.
Organic Apple Cider Vinegar With Honey 500ml
Apple cider vinegar is a popular home remedy that has been used for centuries to relieve a wide range of health complaints. Apple cider vinegar has various healthful properties, including antimicrobial and antioxidant effects. It offers various health benefits including aiding weight loss by promoting satiety, reducing cholesterol and blood sugar levels and improving the symptoms of diabetes.
 
Unpasteurized naturally gluten free. USDA Organic. Controlled and certified by Organismo di Controllo. EU organic. Non GMO Project verified. nongmoproject.org. Italian vinegar maker since 1889. Contains the amazing mother of vinegar which is made up of living nutrients that naturally form chains of protein enzyme molecules. Acidity 4%. Raw unfiltered with Mother. www.denigris1889.com. Product of Italy.
Ingredients: Organic Raw Apple Cider Vinegar, Organic Honey
Directions:
Shake well before using.
For a thirst quencher and energy burst add 2 or 3 tps of our apple cider vinegar with honey to 8 oz of water. Sprinkle over food like vegetables, for a zesty flavor boost.
Refrigeration is not needed but will inhibit the growth of the mother.
Health Aid Cider Trim Capsules 90’S
Cider Trim Capsules contain a synergistic blend of ingredients specially formulated for those trying to slim or maintain a healthy body weight. The formula combines Apple Cider Vinegar and Lecithin, which is a natural fat emulsifier. Kelp is naturally a rich source of iodine, a trace element and essential component of the thyroid hormones which help maintain a healthy metabolism, mental and physical development. The formula has the added benefits of Vitamin B6 that contributes to the regulation of hormonal activity and to the normal functioning of the nervous system and psychological function.
 
Health Aid Cider Trim is a dietary supplement for weight control and metabolism. Vitamin B6 helps regulate hormone activity and metabolism of proteins and glycogen. Kelp is rich in iodine, which plays an important role in thyroid function and metabolism. 
The apple cider vinegar comes from apples and is rich in vitamins, pectin and minerals. It helps to regulate the proportion of water in the body, as it is rich in potassium. Lecithin acts as a fat emulsifier.
Cider Trim Capsules may be of benefit to:
•	Those who wish to achieve weight loss
•	Those who wish to boost their metabolism
When should I take Cider Trim Capsules?
Cider Trim Capsules are recommended for all those who wish to lose weight.
Recommended Daily Intake of Cider Trim Capsules :
Adults and children over 16 years of age:  two capsules three times a day half an hour before meals. Do not exceed recommended daily intake unless advised by a suitably qualified person.
Two Cider Trim Capsules contains (average):	%NRV	 
Lecithin	200mg	*
Yellow Beeswax	84mg	*
Dry Apple Cider Vinegar (powder equivalent)	12mg	*
Vitamin B6	7mg	500
Iodine	50µg	34
*: EC Nutrient Reference Value Not Yet Established	 	 
INGREDIENTS FOR CIDER TRIM CAPSULES:  Bulking Agent (soybean oil), Capsule Shell [gelling agent (gelatine), humectant (glycerol, purifed water), natural colours (red iron oxide, yellow iron oxide)], Lecithin (unbleached), Yellow Beeswax, Kelp (iodine), Dry Apple Cider Vinegar (7:1), Vitamin B6 (pyridoxine hydrochloride).	 	 
Organic Apple Cider Vinegar With Honey & Cranberry 500ml
 
Apple cider vinegar is a popular home remedy that has been used for centuries to relieve a wide range of health complaints. Apple cider vinegar has various healthful properties, including antimicrobial and antioxidant effects. It offers various health benefits including aiding weight loss by promoting satiety, reducing cholesterol and blood sugar levels and improving the symptoms of diabetes.
Organic Apple Cider Vinegar 1L
Apple cider vinegar is a popular home remedy that has been used for centuries to relieve a wide range of health complaints. Apple cider vinegar has various healthful properties, including antimicrobial and antioxidant effects. It offers various health benefits including aiding weight loss by promoting satiety, reducing cholesterol and blood sugar levels and improving the symptoms of diabetes.
 
 
Pro Nutrition ANABOLIC HUGE will help you to gain muscle fast!
In order to gain muscle mass you need to increase caloric intake, especially calories from protein. ANABOLIC HUGE contains a massive 45g of protein per daily serving and is very low in fat. The inclusion of MEGABOL MATRIX will ensure that you remain in an anabolic state, which will allow you to pack on huge amounts of muscle mass faster than ever before.
Ultra Vitamin D provides D3, which is the preferred form of vitamin D. Supports normal immune system function. For strong bones.
 
Ultra Vitamin D provides optimum strength vitamin D, a nutrient that plays a truly remarkable role in the body and is important for many areas of health. It not only contributes to the maintenance of normal bones and teeth but is also known for its role in supporting normal function of the immune system, normal cell division and normal muscle function. Vitamin D is synthesized by the body on exposure to sunlight. However, many areas of the world receive insufficient sunlight and even in sunny areas, many choose to limit their exposure due to the negative health effects of excessive exposure to the sun’s UV rays. These factors have led to widespread low vitamin D levels in many parts of the world.
Ingredients: Bulking Agents: Microcrystalline Cellulose & Pregelatinised Starch, Vitamin D3 (Cholecalciferol), Polyvinylpolypyrrolidone, Tablet Coating (Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, Glycerin, Natural Source Colour [Titanium Dioxide]), Anti-Caking Agents: Purified Talc, Magnesium Stearate & Silicon Dioxide, Hydroxypropylcellulose, Polyvinylpyrrolidone.
Seven Seas Jointcare Max Tablets/Capsules 30’S
Seven Seas JointCare Max contains ingredients to support bones, muscles, cartilage and collagen formation. Plus Omega 3.
 
Seven Seas has been supporting family health since 1935 and our Seven Seas JointCare experts understand how important it is for you to have the support you need so you can continue doing the things you love. Seven Seas JointCare Max has been formulated to give you our highest strength glucosamine. Cartilage & Collagen: Vitamin C contributes to normal collagen formation for the normal function of bones & cartilage. Muscle function: Vitamin D contributes to the maintenance of normal muscle function. Bones: Vitamin D contributes to the maintenance of strong bones. EPA and DHA support normal heart function. DHA contributes to the maintenance of normal brain function and normal vision.
Ingredients: Capsule: Fish Oil Concentrate (Triomega®), Capsule Shell (Gelatin, Glycerol, Sorbitol Syrup, Colours: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxide), Hydrolysed Collagen Fish, Emulsifiers: Mono- and Diglycerides of Fatty Acids, Soya Lecithin; Vitamin C, Alpha-Tocopheryl Acetate, Vitamin D Prep. (Fractionated Vegetable Oil, Vitamin D, DL-Alpha-Tocopherol). Tablet: Glucosamine Sulphate 2KCI (Crab (Crustacean)), Microcrystalline Cellulose, Maltodextrin, Tablet Coat (Colour: Titanium Dioxide, Hydroxypropyl Methyl Cellulose, Polydextrose, Medium Chain Triglycerides, Hydroxypropyl Cellulose, Stearic Acid, Silicon Dioxide, Magnesium Stearate.)
The brain depends upon a wide supply of different micronutrients that work together to ensure optimum health and performance and it consumes a massive 30% of the energy we produce from our food. Like all ‘machines’, it makes sense that what you put in affects what you get out! Specific ‘brain’ nutrients such as zinc, iodine, vitamin B12, B6 and folate have especially supportive functions. Brain cells cannot be replaced and have the highest priority in the body for specific micronutrients. Neuromind provides a comprehensive formula to help safeguard your dietary intake of important nutrients for all round health, vitality and also important nutrients to help contribute to normal cognitive function. With iron, zinc & iodine which contribute to normal cognitive function. With pantothenic acid which contributes to normal mental performance.
Ingredients: Bulking Agents: Calcium Carbonate & Microcrystalline Cellulose, Magnesium Oxide, Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid [Carriers: Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose & Tartaric Acid]), Vitamin E (D-Alpha Tocopheryl Acid Succinate) (from Soya), Phosphatidylcholine (from Soya) & Phosphatidylserine (from Soya), Pantothenic Acid (as Calcium Salt), L-Arginine, Thiamin (Vitamin B1 as Mononitrate), Ginkgo Biloba Extract, Tablet Coating (Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, Polyethylene Glycol, Colours: Titanium Dioxide & Iron Oxides), Niacin (as Nicotinamide), Hydroxypropylcellulose, Anti-Caking Agents: Stearic Acid, Silicon Dioxide & Magnesium Stearate, Ferrous Fumarate, 5-Hydroxytryptophan, Potassium Iodide, Zinc Sulphate, Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin [Carriers: Maltodextrin, Trisodium Citrate, Citric Acid]), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine HCl), Vitamin D3 (Cholecalciferol [Carriers: Sucrose, Acacia, Starch, Medium Chain Triglycerides, Antioxidant: DL-Alpha Tocopherol]), Cross-linked Cellulose Gum, Betacarotene (Carriers: Starch, Water, Antioxidant: DL-Alpha Tocopherol), Co-Enzyme Q10, L-Glutamine, Manganese Sulphate, L-Glutathione, Riboflavin, Sodium Selenate, Copper Sulphate, Folic Acid (as Pteroylmonoglutamic Acid), Chromium Trichloride
Vitamin D is used for preventing and treating rickets, a disease that is caused by not having enough vitamin D (vitamin D deficiency). Vitamin D is also used for treating weak bones , bone pain, bone loss in people with a condition called hyperparathyroidism. Vitamin D is also used for preventing falls and fractures in people at risk for osteoporosis, and preventing low calcium and bone loss in people with kidney failure. Vitamin D is used for conditions of the heart and blood vessels, including high blood pressure and high cholesterol. Vitamin D is also used for diabetes, obesity, muscle weakness, multiple sclerosis, rheumatoid arthritis, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), asthma, bronchitis, premenstrual syndrome (PMS), and tooth and gum disease. Vitamin D is also used for boosting the immune system, preventing autoimmune diseases, and preventing cancer. Vitamin D is used for conditions caused by low levels of phosphorous and low levels of calcium. “A healthy diet with adequate calcium and vitamin D, and regular physical activity, help to achieve strong bones and may reduce the risk of osteoporosis.” Maintains strong immune system. Strengthens teeth and bones. Supports healthy muscles function.
Active ingredient: Vitamin D3
Livliv Herbal Supplements 20’S
LivLiv Capsules are a natural hepato-protective unique formula containing natural ingredients with proven benefits. LivLiv contains Siliphos which is a lipid soluble complex of Silybin-Phosphatidycline (PC) which helps in liver cell protection.
 
Livliv contains siliphos protects liver cells by conserving the anti-oxidant enzyme glutathione, there supporting liver functions in jaundice of acute or chronic hepatitis, fatty liver, fibrotic liver and cirrhosis. LivLiv also contains Artichoke extract which supports in regulating the bile flow, it helps in relieving digestive disturbances (dyspepsia, loss of appetite, constipation, etc.) associated with liver dysfunction, also helps in lowering down blood cholesterol and supports detoxification. LivLiv has Turmeric extract which is a proven anti-inflammatory agent that helps in restoring liver cells and retaining the healthy liver functions. LivLiv provides hepatoprotection, super-antioxidant effects & anti-inflammatory effects in NAFLD (Non Alcoholic Fatty Liver diseases), NASH (Non Alcoholic Steatohepatitis), Jaundice & Chronic Liver Diseases.

 
Haliborange Adult Vegan Vitamin D3 Gummies 45’S
For immune support and strong bones.
 
When we’re in sunlight, our bodies naturally produce Vitamin D – which contributes to the normal function of the immune system. These gorgeous gummies are like a bit of sunshine on your tongue and provide a daily dose of 25 µg of Vegan Vit D3; a handy way to lift your Vitamin D3 intake!
Ingredients: Glucose syrup, Sugar,Water, Gelling agent: Pectin, Vitamin D (Cholecalciferol), Maltodextrin, Coconut oil, Natural flavouring, Acid: Citric Acid, Acidity regulator: Trisodium Citrate, Colour: Paprika extract, Glazing agent: Carnauba wax.
Haliborange Effervescent Black Currant Tablets 20’S
Give your body a burst of Vitamin C goodness. Includes 20 tablets. Blackcurrant flavour.
 
For generations Haliborange tablets have been a delicious way of adding to the body’s supply of Vitamin C effectively and easily. With as much Vitamin C as 12 freshly pressed oranges and bursting with the natural flavours of orange, Haliborange Effervescent Vitamin C Drink is a perfect way to start the day.
Ingredients: Citric Acid Sodium Bicarbonate Ascorbic Acid Oligofructose Flavour: Blackcurrant (2.2%), Blackcurrant Powder (Glucose Syrup, Blackcurrant Juice Concentrate) Colour: Beetroot Powder Prep. (Maltodextrin, Beetroot Juice Concentrate, Citric Acid), Riboflavin Phosphate Corn Starch Polyvinylpyrrolidone Sweeteners: Acesulfame, Sodium Saccharin
Women Womb Tea,Traditional Medicinals Healthy Cycle Formerly Female Toner Tea
 
Woman's Raspberry Leaf,Womb Tea, Chinese Traditional Medicine Organic Healthy Cycle Raspberry Women's Detox Tea, 10 Herbal Tea Bags
Main ingredient: Mullein leaf,vitex berry,ginger root,Ashoka Bark,Dong quai root,Stevia Leaf,Goldenseal Leaf,Black Cohosh root,Cramp Bark root.
Function: This fibroid tea can clear womb's toxin and waste according to Chinese medical theories. Also could diminish inflammation womb and help warm it. The lady who uses it will become beauty and young.

Control appetite
Boost metabolism
Promote weight loss
Ingredients: Green Tea extract, Garcinia Cambogia extract, L-carnitine (composite fiber tablet), Green Coffee Bean Extract, CLA (Conjugated Linoleic Acid), Spirulina extract, Raspberry Ketone extract
HOW TO TAKE
Take 2 capsules per time, 2 times a day.

Legal Disclaimer: Actual product packaging and materials may contain more and/or different information than what is displayed on our website. Therefore, we recommend that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product. For additional information about a product, please contact the manufacturer or the seller. 
 
 Contact your health-care provider immediately if you suspect that you have a medical problem. Information and statements regarding dietary supplemeents have not been evaluated by the National Agency For Food and Drugg Administration and Control (NAFDAC) and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease or health condition. Konga.com assumes no liability for inaccuracies or misstatements about products
 
Introducing our revolutionary Night Time Fat Burner Capsule for Women, a powerful herbal supplement that not only support weight loss but promotes healthy sleep! With a unique blend of natural ingredients such as White Kidney Bean Extract Powder, Green Coffee Bean Extract, L-Theanine, L-Tryptophan, Valerian Root Extract, Lemon Balm Extract, Passion Flower Extract, and Melatonin, our Fat Burner Capsule for Women is the key to achieving the body of your dreams, a good night rest, and an enhanced energy level.
WEIGHT LOSS BENEFITS 
Garcinia Cambogia is a tropical fruit that has been used for centuries to aid in weight loss. It contains Hydroxycitric Acid (HCA) which helps to block the production of fat in the body and suppresses appetite, resulting in fewer cravings and a reduction in overall caloric intake.
White Kidney Bean Extract is a natural carb blocker that inhibits the enzyme alpha-amylase, which breaks down carbohydrates in the body. By reducing carbohydrate absorption, White Kidney Bean Extract helps to lower blood sugar levels and prevent weight gain.
L-Carnitine is an amino acid that is essential for the metabolism of fat. It helps to transport fat into the cells to be used as energy, making it an effective fat burner.
Green Tea Extract contains catechins, which have been shown to increase metabolism and promote fat burning. It also contains caffeine, which provides an energy boost and helps to suppress appetite.
Raspberry Ketone is a natural compound that gives raspberries their distinctive aroma. It has been shown to increase the breakdown of fat in the body and stimulate the production of adiponectin, a hormone that regulates metabolism.
Capsimax Pepper Extract is derived from hot peppers and contains capsaicin, a compound that has been shown to increase metabolism and promote fat burning. It also helps to reduce inflammation and improve circulation.
Lotus Leaf has been used in traditional Chinese medicine for centuries to aid digestion and promote weight loss. It contains alkaloids and flavonoids that help to regulate blood sugar levels and reduce appetite.
Cassia Seed is a natural laxative that helps to cleanse the digestive system and promote regularity. It also contains compounds that help to reduce inflammation and improve circulation.
Winter Melon is a low-calorie vegetable that is high in fiber and contains a range of vitamins and minerals. It helps to promote feelings of fullness and reduce overall caloric intake.
With 60 tablets in each bottle, our Slim Plus Fat Burner tablet is the perfect addition to any weight loss regimen. It is made from all-natural ingredients and has no harmful side effects, making it safe and effective for anyone looking to shed unwanted pounds.
Don't let excess weight hold you back any longer. Try our Night Time Fat Burner Capsule for Women today and start seeing results in no time!
HOW TO USE
Take one (1) capsule daily, 1-2 hours before bed. Do not exceed the recommended dose.
To achieve the best results with our Fat Burner Capsule for Women, it is important to follow the recommended usage instructions above. It is also important to maintain a healthy diet and exercise regimen while using this weight-loss supplement. While the ingredients in the tablet can help to boost metabolism and promote weight loss, a healthy lifestyle is still essential for achieving long-term weight loss goals.
In addition to taking this herbal supplement, it is important to stay hydrated by drinking plenty of water throughout the day. Water helps to flush out toxins and waste products from the body, which can aid in weight loss.
Finally, it is important to be patient and consistent when using our Night Time Fat Burner Capsule for Women. Weight loss is a gradual process and it may take several weeks or even months to see significant results. However, by sticking to a healthy diet and exercise regimen, and taking our Fat Burner Capsule as directed, you can achieve your weight loss goals and enjoy a healthier, more vibrant life.
Wellman Sport 30’S
A specialist supplement developed for men involved in sports, fitness and gym. Includes 27 nutrients that support performance, including iron which contributes to the reduction of tiredness and fatigue.
 
The comprehensive formula helps to maintain optimum levels of nutrition and contains 27 valuable nutrients which can support performance during sport and training, including iron which contributes to the reduction of tiredness and fatigue. Wellman Sport is not a weight or muscle gain product; it provides all round, balanced multivitamin support that can be taken every day. Energy Levels – Contains vitamin B6 and B12 which contribute to normal energy release and red blood cell formation. All Round Health & Vitality – Wellman sport doubles up as comprehensive multivitamin to support general health & vitality. LGC Tested – Tested by LGC, a world-class anti-doping laboratory.
Ingredients: Maltodextrin, Bulking Agents: Microcrystalline Cellulose, Magnesium Oxide, Vitamin C (Ascorbic Acid [Carriers: Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose]), L-Carnitine Tartrate, L-Tyrosine, Vitamin E (D Alpha Tocopheryl Acid Succinate) (from Soya), Zinc Sulphate, Tablet Coating: (Glycerin, Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose, Colours [Iron Oxides]), Niacin (as Nicotinamide), Anti-Caking Agents: Silicon Dioxide, Stearic Acid & Magnesium Stearate, L-Lysine Monohydrochloride, L-Arginine, Thiamin (Vitamin B1 as Mononitrate [Carrier: Hydroxypropylmethylcellulose]), Ferrous Fumarate, Citrus Bioflavonoids, Pantothenic Acid (as Calcium Salt), Vitamin B6 (Pyridoxine HCl), Siberian Ginseng Extract, Betacarotene (Carriers: Starch, Water, Antioxidant: DL-Alpha Tocopherol), Vitamin A (as Acetate [Carriers: Maltodextrin, Gum Acacia, Corn Starch, Antioxidant: DL-Alpha Tocopherol]), Coenzyme Q10, Vitamin D3 (Cholecalciferol [Carriers: Acacia, Sucrose, Corn Starch, Medium Chain Triglycerides, Antioxidant: DL-Alpha Tocopherol]), Riboflavin, Crosslinked Cellulose Gum, Octacosanol (Rice Bran), Copper Sulphate, Manganese Sulphate, Folic Acid (as Pteroylmonoglutamic Acid), Potassium Iodide, Biotin, Vitamin B12 (Cyanocobalamin).
Valupak Zinc Tablets 60’S
Valupak Zinc Gluconate is good for energy, health, good skin, hair, vision and daily defence against colds and flu.
 
Zinc is one of the most important trace elements in our diet and is required for more than 200 enzyme activities in the body. It is essential for the manufacture of proteins and nucleic acids – the genetic material of cells. Nearly all the cells in the body contain zinc, especially those in the thyroid, pancreas and reproductive organs. Men may particularly benefit from supplementing their diet with zinc, since it plays a key role in the production of male hormones and helps to prevent prostate problems. A deficiency of zinc could mean hair loss and even premature greying. A favourite with vegetarians, smokers, heavy drinkers and the elderly, zinc is long established for its value in helping to maintain a healthy immune system. Valupak Zinc is suitable for vegetarians.
Ingredients: Zinc Gluconate, Maltodextrin, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Silica, Stearic Acid, Magnesium Stearate.

